the best thing about being a dad is that
I can relive my childhood again and the
thing is i can i can get to play and I'm
play with my kids and the weekends is
all devoted to my kids so I think for me
the best thing about being a dad it's
been able to be there my kids a hundred
percent i get involved in a lot of his
interests and we try getting involved in
in other things as well so he learns
about things out there we do a lot of
outdoor activities at the moment we've
got the brilliant internet which is
really really good source for
information I didn't really kind of know
sort of where to look where to go
there's a logical comes here she just
emailed in the mountains and tells us
what's going on with his new parts and
build their tiny times doing a picnic in
the park or something like that I'm
quite lucky children what I really like
about center here is that there's no
feeling of your old you're young you're
a parent or a grandparent cladding is my
second grandchild if I was a home that
would I get all these different parts
and dirty messy playing I wouldn't it's
great to be able to come somewhere like
here and I youngquist absolutely loves
the messy play the thing he loved most
was actually making an absolute mess and
in our house with me around we could
make a mess book with a pother around
the carmaker message see she's a clean
freak
not only gives them space away from home
but it also gives some time because I'm
not a home not distracting them or I
will spend the whole bear and half
playing then and I'm not destructive
anything to make it quite a time for me
as well they both love my daddy-in-law
he's very good very interactive
isothermal or takes this winter park to
the park yesterday as a parent you know
played really good for children but you
just tend to think I'll leave it for 5
minutes i'm just going to do something
else but I've learned so much with them
actually teaching me as well the
midwives were really helpful to my
daughter when Maddie was be important
it's almost like an extension just to
coming here is essential to see such a
friendly place everybody dispersity is
really helpful and I honored to receive
information you know what I need you
know for my kid what would be nice with
maybe just one website that you go to
information that we see they've got a
really good stuff
we're going to grow up to be
you